docs(ecosystem): add fastify-web-response (#4537)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md

  should use.
- [`fastify-wamp-router`](https://github.com/lependu/fastify-wamp-router) Web
  Application Messaging Protocol router for Fastify.

> - [`fastify-web-response`](https://github.com/erfanium/fastify-web-response) 
>   Enables returning whatwg Response and ReadableStream in routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fastify-web-response`](https://github.com/erfanium/fastify-web-response) 
  Enables returning web streams objects `Response` and `ReadableStream` in routes.
```
